# Wanted: Staking Devops Engineer

Sigma Prime is hiring a devops engineer to assist with managing our expanding
fleet of Ethereum Beacon Chain staking nodes.

This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced devops engineer to align
with some of the brightest minds in Ethereum staking and develop the skills to
manage large-scale staking operations.

## The Company

**Sigma Prime** was established in 2016 and provides information security and
niche development services to some of the biggest names in Ethereum and DeFi.
[Lighthouse](https://github.com/sigp/lighthouse), our Beacon Chain
implementation, is a key piece of Ethereum infrastructure. Our engineers have
world-class knowledge of Ethereum staking and maintain high performance
validators across several testing and production environments.

## The Role

We manage several fleets of Lighthouse nodes across multiple cloud providers
and geographic regions. These fleets range from canary nodes on testnets (e.g.,
Prater) to high-performance mainnet validators.

These fleets are presently managed by core Lighthouse developers using
**Ansible**. Our Ansible workspaces are clean and well documented and a recent
refactor has provided a solid base for further developments. Our devops
requirements are expanding as we move closer to the merge and compatibility
testing becomes more complex and critical.

The role will initially be focussed around expanding our capacity for automated
testing. For example:

- Using Github Actions to trigger updates in canary environments after certain
	events (e.g., merging to the `unstable` branch).
- Creating fleets of nodes with complex configurations to detect regressions in
	Lighthouse interoperability (e.g., using Lighthouse VCs with other client
	BNs).
- Observing and creating systems for observing the health of nodes on the
	network.

Once the candidate has become familiar with non-production and low-stake
environments they can progress to improving and expanding our higher-stake
production environments.

## The Candidate

The ideal candidate should have:

1. **Ansible experience**
	- Competent with Ansible workspaces, playbooks and other core concepts.
	- Competent with the Jinja2 tempting language.
	- Competent with building and maintaining YAML documents.
1. **Linux experience**
    - Highly competent with the Linux shell.
	- Highly competent with `systemd`, `journald`, etc.
	- Highly competent with server security concepts (e.g., firewalls, public
		key authentication, vulnerability patching etc.).
	- Highly competent with networking fundamentals (e.g., subnetting).
	- Competent with DNS and managing domains.
1. **Blockchain experience**
    - Competent with blockchain data structures (e.g., blocks, forks, etc).
	- Competent with blockchain signature schemes (e.g., high-level
		understanding of ECDSA).
	- Competent with blockchain P2P networks (e.g., high-level understanding of
		peers and how they are discovered).

Candidates with extensive devops experience but low-level blockchain experience
will be considered. Candidates who cannot demonstrate an interest in Ethereum
need not apply, enthusiasm is critical.

Candidates must be self-driven and motivated to learn about and improve the
systems around them. We provide high-level strategic guidance and constructive
feedback, however we do not micro-manage our team members. Candidates are
responsible for their own day-to-day activities.

Candidates must be proficient in technical conversations in English, both
written and verbal. *Perfect* English is not a requirement, accents keep things
interesting :)

No jerks, trolls or bullies.

## Locations

The candidate is free to choose between being remote or local in Sydney. While
Sigma Prime maintains a Sydney office, remote work is an essential part of our
company culture. Those who work remotely still form an integral part of the
team.

## Apply

If you're interested, please answer the questions on [this
form](https://forms.gle/JscZg1LaAJGzaMEs6).

Whilst Google Forms makes managing applications easier for us, we understand if
you'd prefer not to use it. In such a case, feel free to send your application
via email to [careers@sigmaprime.io](mailto:careers@sigmaprime.io).
